Hint on registering generated documentation with DocumentationGeneratorRegistry (#2548)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/hosting.md

an alternative is to give GitHub workflows write permissions under the repo settings, e.g.,
`https://github.com/<USER>/<REPO>.jl/settings/actions`.

## JuliaHub

> [JuliaHub](https://juliahub.com/ui/Home) provides an [overview on registered Julia packages](https://https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages).

Reviewer: "an overview *of*", not "*on*", right?

Author: "of" https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/overview#examples

> It tries to build package documentation on it's own, if this fails, a stripped down version of the documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It tries to build package documentation on its own, and if this fails, a stripped down version of the documentation
```
